Update training site (#25474)
idaholab/moose: modules/doc/content/training/more_detail/generic_moose_training.md

> The Multiphyiscs Object Oriented Simulation Environment (MOOSE) Workshop provides an in-depth
> introduction to the the framework. The course is 2.5 days in length and covers the mathematical
> underpinnings of the framework through to advanced features of the Multiapps system. The course uses
> a realistic multiphysics problem that is solved with increasing realism and complexity utilizing the
> many pluggable systems in the framework. Hands on exercises are supplied so attendees are encouraged
> to bring their own hardware to participate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Multiphysics Object Oriented Simulation Environment (MOOSE) Workshop provides an in-depth
introduction to the framework. The course is 2.5 days in length and covers material starting from the mathematical
underpinnings of the framework through advanced features of the MOOSE Multiapps system. The course uses
a realistic multiphysics problem that is solved with increasing realism and complexity utilizing the
many pluggable systems in the framework. Hands on exercises are supplied so attendees are encouraged
to bring their own hardware to participate.
```
